DevLog

Acknowledgements:

http://www.alessioatzeni.com/meteocons/ - Weather Icons

-

The app pulls data from a single source. It should handle background updates so that relevant data is present whenever the user opens the app, even if they're in a mobile dead zone. I don't think there's a need to use Core Data since the data structure provided is pretty simple and uninteractive.

I'm not experience with AutoLayout or Storyboards, but since they're requirements we'll take a stab at it. A Master-Detail template seems like the best way to get started rather than building one from scratch. We can innovate in the 'detail' view.

We'll start with building the model.

-

Took a really long time to built the TM_Venue class, which I'm going to blame on a) using swift, b) optionals being a bit odd and c) a misplaced underscore.

I think I'll add an init class to it that causes it to build from dictionary and it'll be fine. This'll be enough to start loading things into the tableView. I considered splitting the 'country' stuff out, and having a data model of Countries containing Venues containing associated weather data. Might do that when I'm cludging together code to grab and store data.

-

I should probably store venue/country IDs as strings everywhere since I'm using the string from the feed as a dictionary key.

Implemented sort filter. I'm sure I didn't need to hardcode the cells in the storyboard tableview *and* create an NS_ENUM to map indexpaths to access them, surely there's some identifier value I could've used? But this is pretty easy to work with.

I ended up doing nested tableviews for the filtering. I guess I'd prefer to have used an actionsheet-like widget for those, but here we are instead. Still a couple tweaks needed here.

Tomorrow I'll do what's left of the filtering, then..

- User Refresh
- Pretty up the table view cells
- Get around to actually displaying some data in the detailVC

-

Finished prettying up the table view cells and did enough figuring out icons from the list given + what I could see in the feed.

It seems pretty much necessary to me to have a hardcoded set of icons for things like this. 